Neeta and I talked about it.
Part of me felt a bit scared,
part a bit crazy.
Me knocking on doors?
But I knew
this was the right thing to do.
‘A minister should also be free
‘from all nonmedical use of addictive
or mind-altering substances.’
Nonmedical?
But taking something
when I’m feeling a little stressed,
like maybe, I don’t know, a little weed
—that’s OK, right?
And it’s for the stress.
I guess I didn’t quite understand
what “medical” meant.
So will we see you during the week?
Yeah.
Thank you, Jade.
We’ll be back.
You can guess what
our next few studies were about.
“And you should continue
to be made new
in your dominant mental attitude.”
Knowing it was wrong was easy.
Figuring out how to cope
without it wasn’t.
Beating it
felt impossible.
Being free of it
to serve Jehovah
felt amazing!